
A new development version of phpList has been released. 

Apart from the unavoidable tweaks and bugfixes, the following issues can be considered worth mentioning.


1. Interface. The most obvious change is the interface. 

2. phpMailer. The phpMailer class has been updated to a more recent version.

3. UTF-8. phpList now solely runs in UTF-8. When upgrading, your database will be converted to UTF-8.

4. Plugins. The power of plugins has been increased. The idea is to make phpList do the basics and allow
extending it using plugins. As a result, some functionality has been removed from the core phpList code, with 
the intention to re-add it as a plugin in the future.

5. RSS. The RSS functionality has been removed, and will be re-coded as a plugin.

6. Attribute selection for sending. Like RSS, this has been removed from the core code and it will be re-added in the 
future using the plugin functionality.

7. Admin permissions. The old method to control access to phpList has been dropped. Instead, access to the phpList
backend has been simplified dramatically. If you use the admin access, you will need to review the access permissions
of your administrators. This hasn't been tested thoroughly, so report any issues you find in mantis.

8. Encrypted passwords. The admin passwords are always encrypted, and changing it can only be done using a token
that is sent by email. Even the superuser will not know the password of another admin. Also on first install, a password
will be requested from the installer, which means the default "admin/phplist" will no longer apply.

9. Streamlined campaign composition. You can now simply change tabs when creating a campaign. There is no need to save 
the data before going to the next page, all data is saved automatically when moving to the next tab.

10. Translations. The translations can be updated on the fly using the latest texts from the community translation site
at http://translate.phplist.com

11. Improved sending interface. Even though we recommend sending using the commandline, the in-browser processing of the
queue has been improved to reload regularly in order to send all messages.

12. The settings page now allows editing all values and saving once, instead of having to go in and out of editing
each value. This will make customising the default values much quicker and easier.




